10
100
2016
absolutely
achieve_yes
achieve_yes few_sixltr
achieve_yes many_sixltr
achieve_yes netspeak_yes
achieve_yes power_yes
achieve_yes reward_yes
aderin
aderin pocock
affiliation_yes
affiliation_yes achieve_yes
affiliation_yes few_sixltr
affiliation_yes has_hashtag
affiliation_yes low_wps
affiliation_yes many_sixltr
affiliation_yes netspeak_yes
affiliation_yes power_yes
affiliation_yes reward_yes
amazing
anger_yes
anger_yes cause_yes
anger_yes insight_yes
anger_yes tentat_yes
animals
anx_yes
arguing
askdrkarl
askdrkarl sydsciencefest
asks
assent_yes
assent_yes few_sixltr
assent_yes has_hashtag
assent_yes high_wps
assent_yes low_wps
assent_yes many_sixltr
astronomers
astronomy
australia
aw
away
bad
basically
best
better
big
biggest
black
body
bring
cancer
casual
cat
cats
cause_yes
cause_yes achieve_yes
cause_yes affiliation_yes
cause_yes certain_yes
cause_yes differ_yes
cause_yes discrep_yes
cause_yes few_sixltr
cause_yes hear_yes
cause_yes netspeak_yes
cause_yes power_yes
cause_yes reward_yes
cause_yes tentat_yes
cells
certain_yes
certain_yes affiliation_yes
certain_yes differ_yes
certain_yes feel_yes
certain_yes hear_yes
certain_yes netspeak_yes
certain_yes power_yes
certain_yes see_yes
change
chat
chatting
check
chem
chemistry
cl
climate
close
comet
comet sydsciencefest
control
cool
course
dark
day
dc
dc humans
debate
decided
differ_yes
differ_yes achieve_yes
differ_yes affiliation_yes
differ_yes feel_yes
differ_yes few_sixltr
differ_yes has_hashtag
differ_yes hear_yes
differ_yes many_sixltr
differ_yes netspeak_yes
differ_yes power_yes
differ_yes reward_yes
differ_yes see_yes
differences
different
difficult
discrep_yes
discrep_yes affiliation_yes
discrep_yes certain_yes
discrep_yes differ_yes
discrep_yes see_yes
discrep_yes tentat_yes
dk
dna
doors
dr
dr maggie
edison
education
einstein
energy
engineering
event
events
evolution
excess
excited
explain
fact
far
feel_yes
feel_yes achieve_yes
feel_yes affiliation_yes
feel_yes assent_yes
feel_yes netspeak_yes
feel_yes power_yes
festival
few_sixltr
few_sixltr has_exclam
few_sixltr has_hashtag
few_sixltr has_photo
few_sixltr has_qmark
few_sixltr high_wps
few_sixltr low_wps
field
finished
footage
forget
free
future
gene
getting
getting ready
going
good
got
gr
great
hands
has_exclam
has_exclam has_hashtag
has_exclam has_photo
has_exclam has_qmark
has_exclam has_url
has_hashtag
has_hashtag aw
has_hashtag dc
has_hashtag dk
has_hashtag has_url
has_hashtag jb
has_hashtag kn
has_hashtag ks
has_hashtag ls
has_hashtag mb
has_hashtag moving
has_hashtag mp
has_hashtag pr
has_hashtag sw
has_hashtag ud
has_hashtag wh
has_photo
has_photo has_hashtag
has_photo has_url
has_qmark
has_qmark has_hashtag
has_qmark has_photo
has_qmark has_url
has_url
has_url forget
has_url getting
has_url science
has_url tonight
has_video
has_video has_hashtag
has_video has_url
having
hear
hear_yes
hear_yes achieve_yes
hear_yes affiliation_yes
hear_yes feel_yes
hear_yes has_hashtag
hear_yes netspeak_yes
hear_yes power_yes
help
high
high_wps
high_wps has_hashtag
high_wps has_photo
high_wps has_url
high_wps has_video
house
humans
idea
ideas
important
incredible
insight_yes
insight_yes affiliation_yes
insight_yes cause_yes
insight_yes certain_yes
insight_yes differ_yes
insight_yes discrep_yes
insight_yes power_yes
insight_yes see_yes
insight_yes tentat_yes
internet
is_analytic_no
is_analytic_no insight_yes
is_analytic_no is_authentic_no
is_analytic_no is_authentic_yes
is_analytic_no is_clout_no
is_analytic_no is_clout_yes
is_analytic_no is_tone_no
is_analytic_no is_tone_yes
is_analytic_yes
is_analytic_yes affiliation_yes
is_analytic_yes cause_yes
is_analytic_yes certain_yes
is_analytic_yes insight_yes
is_analytic_yes is_authentic_no
is_analytic_yes is_authentic_yes
is_analytic_yes is_clout_no
is_analytic_yes is_clout_yes
is_analytic_yes is_tone_yes
is_analytic_yes netspeak_yes
is_analytic_yes posemo_yes
is_analytic_yes see_yes
is_authentic_no
is_authentic_no cause_yes
is_authentic_no is_tone_no
is_authentic_no is_tone_yes
is_authentic_no netspeak_yes
is_authentic_no posemo_yes
is_authentic_no see_yes
is_authentic_yes
is_authentic_yes cause_yes
is_authentic_yes certain_yes
is_authentic_yes discrep_yes
is_authentic_yes insight_yes
is_authentic_yes is_tone_no
is_authentic_yes is_tone_yes
is_authentic_yes posemo_yes
is_authentic_yes power_yes
is_authentic_yes tentat_yes
is_clout_no
is_clout_no insight_yes
is_clout_no is_authentic_no
is_clout_no is_authentic_yes
is_clout_no is_tone_yes
is_clout_no posemo_yes
is_clout_yes
is_clout_yes affiliation_yes
is_clout_yes certain_yes
is_clout_yes discrep_yes
is_clout_yes insight_yes
is_clout_yes is_authentic_no
is_clout_yes is_authentic_yes
is_clout_yes is_tone_yes
is_clout_yes posemo_yes
is_tone_no
is_tone_no negemo_yes
is_tone_no posemo_yes
is_tone_yes
is_tone_yes posemo_yes
jb
kids
kind
kindathinky
kn
know
ks
later
left
leopard
lets
library
life
light
like
live
longer
look
looking
lot
lots
love
low_wps
low_wps has_exclam
low_wps has_hashtag
low_wps has_qmark
ls
maggie
make
makes
male
man
many_sixltr
many_sixltr has_exclam
many_sixltr has_hashtag
many_sixltr has_photo
many_sixltr high_wps
many_sixltr low_wps
march
massive
mb
med
meet
men
mg
miss
month
moon
moving
mp
myth
nanotech
natsciwk
need
negemo_yes
negemo_yes anger_yes
negemo_yes anx_yes
negemo_yes cause_yes
negemo_yes differ_yes
negemo_yes insight_yes
negemo_yes sad_yes
netspeak_yes
netspeak_yes assent_yes
netspeak_yes few_sixltr
netspeak_yes has_exclam
netspeak_yes has_photo
netspeak_yes has_qmark
netspeak_yes high_wps
netspeak_yes low_wps
netspeak_yes many_sixltr
netspeak_yes nonflu_yes
new
night
nonflu_yes
nonflu_yes few_sixltr
nonflu_yes has_hashtag
officially
oh
open
opening
packed
packed house
panel
people
photo
physical
physicists
physics
picture
pocock
population
population control
posemo_yes
posemo_yes achieve_yes
posemo_yes affiliation_yes
posemo_yes cause_yes
posemo_yes certain_yes
posemo_yes differ_yes
posemo_yes discrep_yes
posemo_yes feel_yes
posemo_yes hear_yes
posemo_yes insight_yes
posemo_yes negemo_yes
posemo_yes netspeak_yes
posemo_yes reward_yes
posemo_yes see_yes
posemo_yes tentat_yes
power_yes
power_yes assent_yes
power_yes few_sixltr
power_yes has_exclam
power_yes has_hashtag
power_yes high_wps
power_yes low_wps
power_yes many_sixltr
power_yes netspeak_yes
power_yes reward_yes
power_yes risk_yes
power_yes swear_yes
pr
pre
pretty
quantum
quantum physics
random
ready
really
research
reward_yes
reward_yes few_sixltr
reward_yes has_hashtag
reward_yes high_wps
reward_yes low_wps
reward_yes many_sixltr
reward_yes netspeak_yes
reward_yes nonflu_yes
reward_yes risk_yes
right
risk_yes
risk_yes few_sixltr
risk_yes has_hashtag
risk_yes many_sixltr
risk_yes netspeak_yes
robot
rosetta
sad_yes
sad_yes cause_yes
sad_yes insight_yes
sand
say
saying
says
school
science
science festival
scientific
scientist
scientists
second
seconds
see_yes
see_yes achieve_yes
see_yes affiliation_yes
see_yes feel_yes
see_yes hear_yes
see_yes netspeak_yes
see_yes power_yes
see_yes reward_yes
seeing
self
shout
sign
snow
soon
space
space ssf15
space sydsciencefest
spacecraft
speaking
ssf15
ssf15 askdrkarl
start
started
starting
stem
students
sun
sw
swear_yes
swear_yes many_sixltr
swear_yes netspeak_yes
sydney
sydsciencefest
sydsciencefest kindathinky
talk
talks
tech
tell
tentat_yes
tentat_yes achieve_yes
tentat_yes affiliation_yes
tentat_yes certain_yes
tentat_yes differ_yes
tentat_yes hear_yes
tentat_yes netspeak_yes
tentat_yes reward_yes
tentat_yes see_yes
tesla
thanks
things
think
thought
tickets
today
today ssf15
tomorrow
tomorrow night
tonight
tonight ssf15
tonight sydsciencefest
topic
try
tv
ud
universe
use
used
using
usually
video
vs
want
wanted
way
week
weekend
weird
westinghouse
wh
white
women
women stem
work
working
world
yeah
year
years
yes
young
