achieve_yes
achieve_yes assent_yes
achieve_yes few_sixltr
achieve_yes has_exclam
achieve_yes has_hashtag
achieve_yes has_qmark
achieve_yes high_wps
achieve_yes low_wps
achieve_yes many_sixltr
achieve_yes netspeak_yes
achieve_yes nonflu_yes
achieve_yes power_yes
achieve_yes reward_yes
achieve_yes risk_yes
achieve_yes swear_yes
affiliation_yes
affiliation_yes achieve_yes
affiliation_yes assent_yes
affiliation_yes few_sixltr
affiliation_yes has_exclam
affiliation_yes has_hashtag
affiliation_yes has_qmark
affiliation_yes high_wps
affiliation_yes low_wps
affiliation_yes many_sixltr
affiliation_yes netspeak_yes
affiliation_yes nonflu_yes
affiliation_yes power_yes
affiliation_yes reward_yes
affiliation_yes risk_yes
affiliation_yes swear_yes
anger_yes
anger_yes achieve_yes
anger_yes affiliation_yes
anger_yes cause_yes
anger_yes certain_yes
anger_yes differ_yes
anger_yes discrep_yes
anger_yes feel_yes
anger_yes hear_yes
anger_yes insight_yes
anger_yes netspeak_yes
anger_yes power_yes
anger_yes reward_yes
anger_yes sad_yes
anger_yes see_yes
anger_yes tentat_yes
anx_yes
anx_yes achieve_yes
anx_yes affiliation_yes
anx_yes anger_yes
anx_yes cause_yes
anx_yes certain_yes
anx_yes differ_yes
anx_yes discrep_yes
anx_yes feel_yes
anx_yes insight_yes
anx_yes netspeak_yes
anx_yes power_yes
anx_yes reward_yes
anx_yes sad_yes
anx_yes see_yes
anx_yes tentat_yes
assent_yes
assent_yes few_sixltr
assent_yes filler_yes
assent_yes has_exclam
assent_yes has_hashtag
assent_yes has_photo
assent_yes has_qmark
assent_yes has_url
assent_yes high_wps
assent_yes low_wps
assent_yes many_sixltr
assent_yes nonflu_yes
cause_yes
cause_yes achieve_yes
cause_yes affiliation_yes
cause_yes certain_yes
cause_yes differ_yes
cause_yes discrep_yes
cause_yes feel_yes
cause_yes few_sixltr
cause_yes hear_yes
cause_yes high_wps
cause_yes low_wps
cause_yes many_sixltr
cause_yes netspeak_yes
cause_yes power_yes
cause_yes reward_yes
cause_yes risk_yes
cause_yes see_yes
cause_yes swear_yes
cause_yes tentat_yes
certain_yes
certain_yes achieve_yes
certain_yes affiliation_yes
certain_yes differ_yes
certain_yes feel_yes
certain_yes few_sixltr
certain_yes hear_yes
certain_yes high_wps
certain_yes low_wps
certain_yes many_sixltr
certain_yes netspeak_yes
certain_yes power_yes
certain_yes reward_yes
certain_yes risk_yes
certain_yes see_yes
certain_yes swear_yes
differ_yes
differ_yes achieve_yes
differ_yes affiliation_yes
differ_yes assent_yes
differ_yes feel_yes
differ_yes few_sixltr
differ_yes has_exclam
differ_yes has_hashtag
differ_yes hear_yes
differ_yes high_wps
differ_yes low_wps
differ_yes many_sixltr
differ_yes netspeak_yes
differ_yes nonflu_yes
differ_yes power_yes
differ_yes reward_yes
differ_yes risk_yes
differ_yes see_yes
differ_yes swear_yes
discrep_yes
discrep_yes achieve_yes
discrep_yes affiliation_yes
discrep_yes certain_yes
discrep_yes differ_yes
discrep_yes feel_yes
discrep_yes few_sixltr
discrep_yes hear_yes
discrep_yes many_sixltr
discrep_yes netspeak_yes
discrep_yes power_yes
discrep_yes reward_yes
discrep_yes risk_yes
discrep_yes see_yes
discrep_yes tentat_yes
feel_yes
feel_yes achieve_yes
feel_yes affiliation_yes
feel_yes assent_yes
feel_yes few_sixltr
feel_yes has_exclam
feel_yes has_hashtag
feel_yes high_wps
feel_yes low_wps
feel_yes many_sixltr
feel_yes netspeak_yes
feel_yes power_yes
feel_yes reward_yes
feel_yes risk_yes
few_sixltr
few_sixltr has_animated_gif
few_sixltr has_exclam
few_sixltr has_hashtag
few_sixltr has_photo
few_sixltr has_qmark
few_sixltr has_url
few_sixltr has_video
few_sixltr high_wps
few_sixltr low_wps
filler_yes
filler_yes few_sixltr
filler_yes has_exclam
filler_yes high_wps
filler_yes low_wps
filler_yes many_sixltr
has_animated_gif
has_animated_gif has_hashtag
has_animated_gif has_url
has_exclam
has_exclam has_animated_gif
has_exclam has_hashtag
has_exclam has_photo
has_exclam has_qmark
has_exclam has_url
has_exclam has_video
has_hashtag
has_hashtag has_url
has_photo
has_photo has_hashtag
has_photo has_url
has_qmark
has_qmark has_animated_gif
has_qmark has_hashtag
has_qmark has_photo
has_qmark has_url
has_qmark has_video
has_url
has_video
has_video has_hashtag
has_video has_url
hear_yes
hear_yes achieve_yes
hear_yes affiliation_yes
hear_yes feel_yes
hear_yes few_sixltr
hear_yes has_exclam
hear_yes high_wps
hear_yes low_wps
hear_yes many_sixltr
hear_yes netspeak_yes
hear_yes power_yes
hear_yes reward_yes
hear_yes risk_yes
high_wps
high_wps has_animated_gif
high_wps has_exclam
high_wps has_hashtag
high_wps has_photo
high_wps has_qmark
high_wps has_url
high_wps has_video
insight_yes
insight_yes achieve_yes
insight_yes affiliation_yes
insight_yes cause_yes
insight_yes certain_yes
insight_yes differ_yes
insight_yes discrep_yes
insight_yes feel_yes
insight_yes few_sixltr
insight_yes hear_yes
insight_yes low_wps
insight_yes many_sixltr
insight_yes netspeak_yes
insight_yes power_yes
insight_yes reward_yes
insight_yes risk_yes
insight_yes see_yes
insight_yes tentat_yes
is_analytic_no
is_analytic_no achieve_yes
is_analytic_no affiliation_yes
is_analytic_no cause_yes
is_analytic_no certain_yes
is_analytic_no differ_yes
is_analytic_no discrep_yes
is_analytic_no feel_yes
is_analytic_no hear_yes
is_analytic_no insight_yes
is_analytic_no is_authentic_no
is_analytic_no is_authentic_yes
is_analytic_no is_clout_no
is_analytic_no is_clout_yes
is_analytic_no is_tone_no
is_analytic_no is_tone_yes
is_analytic_no many_sixltr
is_analytic_no netspeak_yes
is_analytic_no posemo_yes
is_analytic_no power_yes
is_analytic_no reward_yes
is_analytic_no see_yes
is_analytic_no tentat_yes
is_analytic_yes
is_analytic_yes achieve_yes
is_analytic_yes affiliation_yes
is_analytic_yes cause_yes
is_analytic_yes certain_yes
is_analytic_yes differ_yes
is_analytic_yes discrep_yes
is_analytic_yes feel_yes
is_analytic_yes few_sixltr
is_analytic_yes has_hashtag
is_analytic_yes hear_yes
is_analytic_yes insight_yes
is_analytic_yes is_authentic_no
is_analytic_yes is_authentic_yes
is_analytic_yes is_clout_no
is_analytic_yes is_clout_yes
is_analytic_yes is_tone_no
is_analytic_yes is_tone_yes
is_analytic_yes many_sixltr
is_analytic_yes netspeak_yes
is_analytic_yes posemo_yes
is_analytic_yes power_yes
is_analytic_yes reward_yes
is_analytic_yes see_yes
is_analytic_yes tentat_yes
is_authentic_no
is_authentic_no achieve_yes
is_authentic_no affiliation_yes
is_authentic_no cause_yes
is_authentic_no certain_yes
is_authentic_no differ_yes
is_authentic_no discrep_yes
is_authentic_no feel_yes
is_authentic_no few_sixltr
is_authentic_no hear_yes
is_authentic_no insight_yes
is_authentic_no is_tone_no
is_authentic_no is_tone_yes
is_authentic_no low_wps
is_authentic_no many_sixltr
is_authentic_no netspeak_yes
is_authentic_no posemo_yes
is_authentic_no power_yes
is_authentic_no reward_yes
is_authentic_no risk_yes
is_authentic_no see_yes
is_authentic_no tentat_yes
is_authentic_yes
is_authentic_yes achieve_yes
is_authentic_yes affiliation_yes
is_authentic_yes cause_yes
is_authentic_yes certain_yes
is_authentic_yes differ_yes
is_authentic_yes discrep_yes
is_authentic_yes feel_yes
is_authentic_yes few_sixltr
is_authentic_yes has_exclam
is_authentic_yes hear_yes
is_authentic_yes high_wps
is_authentic_yes insight_yes
is_authentic_yes is_tone_no
is_authentic_yes is_tone_yes
is_authentic_yes low_wps
is_authentic_yes many_sixltr
is_authentic_yes netspeak_yes
is_authentic_yes posemo_yes
is_authentic_yes power_yes
is_authentic_yes reward_yes
is_authentic_yes risk_yes
is_authentic_yes see_yes
is_authentic_yes tentat_yes
is_clout_no
is_clout_no achieve_yes
is_clout_no cause_yes
is_clout_no certain_yes
is_clout_no differ_yes
is_clout_no discrep_yes
is_clout_no feel_yes
is_clout_no hear_yes
is_clout_no insight_yes
is_clout_no is_authentic_no
is_clout_no is_authentic_yes
is_clout_no is_tone_no
is_clout_no is_tone_yes
is_clout_no netspeak_yes
is_clout_no posemo_yes
is_clout_no power_yes
is_clout_no see_yes
is_clout_no tentat_yes
is_clout_yes
is_clout_yes achieve_yes
is_clout_yes affiliation_yes
is_clout_yes cause_yes
is_clout_yes certain_yes
is_clout_yes differ_yes
is_clout_yes discrep_yes
is_clout_yes feel_yes
is_clout_yes hear_yes
is_clout_yes insight_yes
is_clout_yes is_authentic_no
is_clout_yes is_authentic_yes
is_clout_yes is_tone_no
is_clout_yes is_tone_yes
is_clout_yes many_sixltr
is_clout_yes netspeak_yes
is_clout_yes posemo_yes
is_clout_yes power_yes
is_clout_yes reward_yes
is_clout_yes see_yes
is_clout_yes tentat_yes
is_tone_no
is_tone_no negemo_yes
is_tone_no posemo_yes
is_tone_yes
is_tone_yes posemo_yes
low_wps
low_wps has_animated_gif
low_wps has_exclam
low_wps has_hashtag
low_wps has_photo
low_wps has_qmark
low_wps has_url
low_wps has_video
many_sixltr
many_sixltr has_animated_gif
many_sixltr has_exclam
many_sixltr has_hashtag
many_sixltr has_photo
many_sixltr has_qmark
many_sixltr has_url
many_sixltr has_video
many_sixltr high_wps
many_sixltr low_wps
negemo_yes
negemo_yes achieve_yes
negemo_yes affiliation_yes
negemo_yes anger_yes
negemo_yes anx_yes
negemo_yes cause_yes
negemo_yes certain_yes
negemo_yes differ_yes
negemo_yes discrep_yes
negemo_yes feel_yes
negemo_yes hear_yes
negemo_yes insight_yes
negemo_yes netspeak_yes
negemo_yes power_yes
negemo_yes risk_yes
negemo_yes sad_yes
negemo_yes see_yes
negemo_yes swear_yes
negemo_yes tentat_yes
netspeak_yes
netspeak_yes assent_yes
netspeak_yes few_sixltr
netspeak_yes filler_yes
netspeak_yes has_animated_gif
netspeak_yes has_exclam
netspeak_yes has_hashtag
netspeak_yes has_photo
netspeak_yes has_qmark
netspeak_yes has_url
netspeak_yes has_video
netspeak_yes high_wps
netspeak_yes low_wps
netspeak_yes many_sixltr
netspeak_yes nonflu_yes
nonflu_yes
nonflu_yes few_sixltr
nonflu_yes has_exclam
nonflu_yes has_hashtag
nonflu_yes has_photo
nonflu_yes has_qmark
nonflu_yes has_url
nonflu_yes high_wps
nonflu_yes low_wps
nonflu_yes many_sixltr
posemo_yes
posemo_yes achieve_yes
posemo_yes affiliation_yes
posemo_yes cause_yes
posemo_yes certain_yes
posemo_yes differ_yes
posemo_yes discrep_yes
posemo_yes feel_yes
posemo_yes few_sixltr
posemo_yes hear_yes
posemo_yes insight_yes
posemo_yes low_wps
posemo_yes many_sixltr
posemo_yes negemo_yes
posemo_yes netspeak_yes
posemo_yes nonflu_yes
posemo_yes power_yes
posemo_yes reward_yes
posemo_yes risk_yes
posemo_yes see_yes
posemo_yes tentat_yes
power_yes
power_yes assent_yes
power_yes few_sixltr
power_yes has_exclam
power_yes has_hashtag
power_yes has_qmark
power_yes high_wps
power_yes low_wps
power_yes many_sixltr
power_yes netspeak_yes
power_yes nonflu_yes
power_yes reward_yes
power_yes risk_yes
power_yes swear_yes
reward_yes
reward_yes assent_yes
reward_yes few_sixltr
reward_yes has_exclam
reward_yes has_hashtag
reward_yes has_qmark
reward_yes high_wps
reward_yes low_wps
reward_yes many_sixltr
reward_yes netspeak_yes
reward_yes nonflu_yes
reward_yes risk_yes
reward_yes swear_yes
risk_yes
risk_yes assent_yes
risk_yes few_sixltr
risk_yes has_exclam
risk_yes has_hashtag
risk_yes has_qmark
risk_yes high_wps
risk_yes low_wps
risk_yes many_sixltr
risk_yes netspeak_yes
risk_yes nonflu_yes
risk_yes swear_yes
sad_yes
sad_yes achieve_yes
sad_yes affiliation_yes
sad_yes cause_yes
sad_yes certain_yes
sad_yes differ_yes
sad_yes discrep_yes
sad_yes feel_yes
sad_yes hear_yes
sad_yes insight_yes
sad_yes netspeak_yes
sad_yes power_yes
sad_yes see_yes
sad_yes tentat_yes
see_yes
see_yes achieve_yes
see_yes affiliation_yes
see_yes feel_yes
see_yes few_sixltr
see_yes has_exclam
see_yes has_qmark
see_yes hear_yes
see_yes high_wps
see_yes low_wps
see_yes many_sixltr
see_yes netspeak_yes
see_yes power_yes
see_yes reward_yes
see_yes risk_yes
see_yes swear_yes
swear_yes
swear_yes few_sixltr
swear_yes has_hashtag
swear_yes high_wps
swear_yes many_sixltr
swear_yes netspeak_yes
tentat_yes
tentat_yes achieve_yes
tentat_yes affiliation_yes
tentat_yes certain_yes
tentat_yes differ_yes
tentat_yes feel_yes
tentat_yes few_sixltr
tentat_yes hear_yes
tentat_yes high_wps
tentat_yes low_wps
tentat_yes many_sixltr
tentat_yes netspeak_yes
tentat_yes power_yes
tentat_yes reward_yes
tentat_yes risk_yes
tentat_yes see_yes
